Missing form types (#1719)
PrestaShop/docs: development/components/form/types-reference/typeahead-product-pack-collection-type.md

---
title: TypeaheadProductPackCollectionType
---

# TypeaheadProductPackCollectionType

> This form class is responsible to create a product, with or without attribute field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This form class allows you to select a product to be included in a pack of products.
```
